---
layout: post
title: Mid-term Elections
date:  2026-03-23
order: 
---
You’re going to hear those words a lot in 2026 and this is why. Presidents are elected every four years. Senators have six-year terms. Only a third of senatorial seats are contested every two years and that is repeated again two years later and so on. So, in 2026 there'll be 33  Senate seats up for grabs and another 33 in 2028.  In stark contrast, all 435 representatives will face new elections in their respective state districts in 2026 and again in 2028. Will the best man or woman win?  No, not necessarily.  But, it’s the voice of the people that must be respected and heard. It’s still a democracy, remember?

Now let’s set something straight. There are some very good people out there that call themselves Republicans. Sadly, their party of Lincoln, Teddy Roosevelt, and Reagan was hi-jacked years ago by the MAGA cult. Those Republican representatives that don’t subscribe to all the extreme rhetoric and policies of our current president are still personally threatened by him. The result in the end, is that they have no real backbone to stand-up and vote on important policies that can help our country. So, back to the math. We simply need more ‘blue’ people and fewer ‘red’ people in Congress. How do we do that? 

Wherever you may live, you are in a specific state ‘district’ that has a number and a U.S. Representative in Congress.These districts often appear on a map like they’ve been drawn by a drunken sailor. That’s a story for another time. All you need to do online to see where you are is to enter your postal zip code followed by ‘us rep’.   [ For example: ‘ 97027 us rep’ will give you a result of Oregon’s 5th district represented by Janelle Bynum(D)}.  Do that with your zip code and you’ll then have what you need to begin choosing your representative. Focus on news about your representative and their opponent(s) as campaign season heats up. Look and see if there's a Senate race in your state. Don’t ignore that!  Go to the links below for additional help. Get involved and grab your family and friends.   We have to make this happen.    LET’S GO BLUE!


LINKS:
 
[House.gov](https://www.house.gov/)

[GovTrack.us](https://www.govtrack.us/)

[SwingLeft.org](https://swingleft.org/)